docs: update reamdme file content (#1)
GibsonAI/mcp: README.md

> [![GibsonAI](./assets/gibsonai-logo.png)](https://gibsonai.com/)

Reviewer: can we revert this part? we use this header image across all of our repos and I'd like to keep that consistent

Reviewer: weird! I was seeing the opposite lol
it's rendering the header image but not the logo you proposed.
here's the rich diff with your first change:
<img width="1040" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/564a4115-5502-4204-b71e-1ce48f228a67" />

I'll test the header in incognito and make sure it's working

> [![GibsonAI](./assets/gibsonai-logo.png)](https://gibsonai.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![GibsonAI](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26bc1002-f878-4995-a6c5-eb8d5eb69c28)](https://gibsonai.com/)
```

> # GibsonAI MCP Server

Reviewer: I included "Model Context Protocol" in full form for SEO. We should probably add that somewhere in the text if we're removing it from the title

Author: O, right! Let me add full text in the title then.

> The GibsonAI MCP Server provides a set of "tools" to MCP Clients like [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/), [Windsurf](https://windsurf.com/editor), or [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download). You can use these tools to interact with your [GibsonAI](https://app.gibsonai.com/) projects, serverless databases and ready-to-use Data API using natural language commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GibsonAI MCP Server provides a set of tools to MCP Clients like [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/), [Windsurf](https://windsurf.com/editor), or [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download). These clients can use these tools to interact with your [GibsonAI](https://app.gibsonai.com/) projects and databases using your natural language instructions.
```

> For example, in Claude Desktop, or any MCP Client, you can use natural language to accomplish things with GibsonAI, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can accomplish various tasks with GibsonAI directly in your favorite IDE, for example:
```

uvx --from gibson-cli@latest gibson auth login
```

## Connect MCP Clients

- [Cursor](#cursor-setup)
- [Windsurf](#windsurf-setup)
- [Claude Desktop](#claude-desktop-setup)
- [VS Code + GitHub Copilot Setup](#vs-code--github-copilot-setup)

> ## Cursor Setup <a href="https://dub.sh/gibson-mcp"><img src="https://cursor.com/deeplink/mcp-install-light.png" alt="Add Gibson MCP server to Cursor" height="32px" align="right" /></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cursor Setup <a href="https://dub.sh/gibson-mcp"><img src="https://cursor.com/deeplink/mcp-install-dark.png" alt="Add Gibson MCP server to Cursor" height="32px" align="right" /></a>
```
